Type-Safe API Calls: tRPC vs. gRPC
https://matt-rickard.com/trpc-grpc-type-safety

How to Version an API
https://matt-rickard.com/how-to-version-an-api

Rebuilding in Rust
https://matt-rickard.com/rebuilding-in-rust

What's Next After NextJS
https://matt-rickard.com/whats-next-after-next-js

The Implications of More Developers
https://matt-rickard.com/the-implications-of-more-developers

An Ideal CI/CD System
https://matt-rickard.com/an-ideal-ci-cd-system

Excel for Developers
https://matt-rickard.com/pro-excel

Thoughts on GitHub Actions
https://matt-rickard.com/thoughts-on-github-actions

r/K Startup Theory
https://matt-rickard.com/r-k-startup-theory

Webhooks Aren't So Bad
https://matt-rickard.com/events-vs-webhooks

Fallacies of Distributed Systems
https://matt-rickard.com/fallacies-of-distributed-system

Elevator Data Structures and Algorithms
https://matt-rickard.com/elevator-algorithms

Schema-driven Development
https://matt-rickard.com/schema-driven-development

Accidentally Turing Complete
https://matt-rickard.com/accidentally-turing-complete

Configuration-to-Code
https://matt-rickard.com/configuration-to-code

API Warfare
https://matt-rickard.com/api-warfare

Why TypeScript for Infrastructure?
https://matt-rickard.com/why-typescript-for-infrastructure

Source Code Generation
https://matt-rickard.com/generated-code

Embedded DevOps Teams
https://matt-rickard.com/embedded-engineering-teams

How to Comment Your Code
https://matt-rickard.com/how-to-comment-your-code

A Browser for Developers
https://matt-rickard.com/a-browser-for-developers

Data Planes and Control Planes
https://matt-rickard.com/data-planes-and-control-planes

Extending Applications with WebAssembly
https://matt-rickard.com/extending-applications-with-webassembly

Ten Things I Look For In a Code Review
https://matt-rickard.com/code-review-checklist

SaaS Isolation Patterns
https://matt-rickard.com/saas-isolation-patterns

Incremental Compilation in Build Systems
https://matt-rickard.com/incremental-compilation-build-systems

How Multiplayer Data Structures Work
https://matt-rickard.com/collaborative-data-types

Everything is a Graph
https://matt-rickard.com/everything-is-a-graph

Problem Solving Techniques from Math
https://matt-rickard.com/problem-solving-like-a-mathematician

Usage or Subscription Pricing
https://matt-rickard.com/usage-or-subscription-pricing