Uber:

Videos na media de 15 min

[Uber Seattle] Introduction to Kappa+ Architecture using Apache Flink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qSlsYogALo

[Uber Seattle] When Apache Pulsar Meets Apache Flink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Kjn8oLy-H8

[Destination:Web] AVS: An Open Standard for Autonomy Visualization in the Web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb5_Gy6oM0w

[Uber Open Source] Engineering Sub-City Geos for a Hyper-Local Marketplace with Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDuKeUkNLkQ

[Uber Seattle] Michelangelo (MA) Learners and Transformers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I07n5qHnrpo

[Visualization Nights] Introducing Uberâ€™s Open Source Autonomous Visualization System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSV7lyAAvuI

[Uber Open Source ] Distributed Deep Learning with Horovod -- Alex Sergeev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1By2hy4Ecw

[Payments Platform] Evolution of Payments at Uber -- Nimish Sheth & Steven Karis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dz6dAZs8Scg

[Uber Open Summit 2018] Ingestion/Dispersal with our Generic Any-to-Any Marmaray Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dyip49CdIw

[Uber Open Summit 2018] Building Your Own Metrics Pipeline with M3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHx4DuqINTM

[Uber Open Summit 2018] Urban Computing with Advanced Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySmqs6dXQxc

[Uber Open Summit 2018] Pyro: Deep Probabilistic Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLFJ5ERxt2c

[Go NYC] End-to-End Testing with Golang -- Adrian Witas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfVAXTi39UA

[Payments Platform] Payments Integration at Uber: A Case Study -- Gergely Orosz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yooCE5B0SRA

[Uber Seattle] Building Reliable Microservices @ Uber -- Siva Kalva
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFyK-Li2-ZQ

[Uber Seattle] Chaos Engineering @ Uber -- Dianne Laguerta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywSAwYsIk8k

[Distributed Tracing - NYC] Tracing a Kafka Pipeline -- Mahmoud Saada Agolo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpUMpaWj0i8

[React Native] Uber's Deployment of React Native at Scale -- Arun Nagarajan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_81U12ome9k

[Uber Open Source] Profile Spark Applications at Scale -- Bo Yang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCTdbX-mG2I

[Visualization Nights] Painting the World with Data - Erik Klimczak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yl5Ey3phMXM

Uber Tech Day: The Evolution of World Map Computing Quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twF_CBPG9Tk

Uber Tech Day: Software Networking at Uber through the Ages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83_Pj7olRFk

[Visualization Nights] Augmenting Visualization Tools with Automated Design & Recommendation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aH_wBBxS6Y

[Destination:Web] Server Rendering with React & Next.js
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OeXjefI5dQ

Uber NYC Engineering Tech Talk Series: Call me, MABI: Iterating at scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysrApvOZ-IM

Introduction to Machine Learning at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydsrZcKLqi0

Uber Technology Day: Automatic Algorithm Selection for Anomaly Detection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15_zK9RXKyc

Uber Technology Day: Mobile Architecture for Scale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTZioPnsJtc

Serverless Meetup - Intro to AWS Lambda and Uber's Catalyst Serverless platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DXJkkoTgfQ

Serverless Meetup - Intro to AWS Lambda and Uber's Catalyst Serverless platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DXJkkoTgfQ

Uber NYC Engineering Tech Talk Series: Jigsaw: Helping Users in Distress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-egJv9NQ_U

Uber NYC Engineering Tech Talk Series: Linked Data for the Smart City
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5NXI6MHHDo

Uber Seattle Engineering: Meet Driver Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5Cx14EORFU

[Uber Mobility] Architecture Rewrite - Tuomas Artman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bB9e7ZYVYCo

Uber Technology Day: Automatic Algorithm Selection for Anomaly Detection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15_zK9RXKyc

Uber Technology Day: Monorepo to Multirepo and Back Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV8-1S28ycM

Uber Technology Day: Thinking Like a Human: Toward Flexible Artificial Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nft_HkUBIU8

Uber Technology Day: Building an Experimentation Platform at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bl7SPSqbX0

Uber Engineering: Towards 99.99% Availability via Intelligent Real-Time Alerting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AkX42u72wk

Uber Engineering: Sequential Testing Method in A/B Experimentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rWOx5fOJbg

[Uber Mobility] Speeding Up Mobile Releases with 3x3 - Drew Hannay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtdFIJ04EDo

[Uber Mobility] Faster Tests with Test Parallelization - Justin Martin & Daniel Ribeiro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RU-HyXyfzsI

[Uber Mobility] An Ideal CI Setup for Mobile - Valera Zakharov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5GUcIzx750

[Uber Mobility] High-Performance Networking -- Ganesh Srinivasan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mFPeQxsVxk

Engineering for the Long Game: Managing System Complexity Over Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn5fGExdfWY

A History of Site Reliability Engineering at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJnS-EfIIIE

A History of Site Reliability Engineering at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJnS-EfIIIE

Uber Engineering: Data Visualization at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLy3OQYsXWA

Uber Marketplace: Fixing GPS in Cities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6JZSV3jjLA

[Visualization Nights] Designing for Complex Data Visualization - Elijah Meeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqWSJLFa9hg

[Uber Marketplace] An Introduction -- Chintan Turakhia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdNn44JYtNw

[Uber Open Summit 2018] Scaling Uber's Big Data Platform
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aveES6gn1Gs

[Visualization Nights] Real-time Mapping with Vision -- Tory Smith (Mapbox)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeFLvwu6wLw

[Uber Open Summit Sofia 2019] Visualization Frameworks at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r18wCWbnnQw

[Uber Open Summit Sofia 2019] Metrics at Uber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYmDVsNueY4

[Destination:Web] A Doc Site That Writes Code for You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSq-k6LPX7E