On Prompt Injection
https://matt-rickard.com/on-prompt-injection

All the -Ops
https://matt-rickard.com/all-the-ops

Chain of Thought Paradigms in LLMs
https://matt-rickard.com/chain-of-thought-in-llms

Data Local Machine Learning
https://matt-rickard.com/data-local-machine-learning

Will The AI Stack Be Open Or Closed?
https://matt-rickard.com/will-the-ai-stack-be-open-or-closed

LLM Ops, Part 1
https://matt-rickard.com/llm-ops-pt-1

Why ChatGPT Needs AuthZ
https://matt-rickard.com/why-chatgpt-needs-authz

Interfaces for Uncertainty
https://matt-rickard.com/interfaces-for-uncertainty

Why Python Won't Be the Language of LLMs
https://matt-rickard.com/why-python-wont-be-the-language-of-llms

Overview of GPT-as-a-Backend
https://matt-rickard.com/overview-of-gpt-as-a-backend

Lessons from the Last AI Cycle
https://matt-rickard.com/lessons-from-the-last-ai-cycle

Counterfactuals
https://matt-rickard.com/counterfactuals

A New ML Stack
https://matt-rickard.com/a-new-ml-stack

Local AI: Part 1
https://matt-rickard.com/local-ai-part-1

Local AI: Part 2
https://matt-rickard.com/local-ai-part-2

ML Developer Experience
https://matt-rickard.com/ml-developer-experience

AI-driven Interfaces
https://matt-rickard.com/ai-interfaces

Human-in-the-Loop and Other AI Mistakes
https://matt-rickard.com/human-in-the-loop-and-other-ai-mistakes

Generative AI Value Chain
https://matt-rickard.com/generative-ai-value-chain

LLMs for Code
https://matt-rickard.com/llms-for-code

What is a Token? A Technical Explanation
https://matt-rickard.com/technical-explanation-of-a-token

AI Will Write Most Code
https://matt-rickard.com/ai-will-write-most-code

AI Scaling Laws
https://matt-rickard.com/ai-scaling-laws

Where Logic Lives
https://matt-rickard.com/where-logic-lives

Two Approaches to Prompt Engineering
https://matt-rickard.com/prompt-engineering

Defensible Machine Learning Model Naming
https://matt-rickard.com/defensible-machine-learning-model-naming

Commoditization of Large Language Models
https://matt-rickard.com/commoditization-of-large-language-models

Text to Image Diffusion Models
https://matt-rickard.com/text-to-image-diffusion-models

Correlation vs. Causation
https://matt-rickard.com/correlation-vs-causation

Algorithmic Fairness
https://matt-rickard.com/algo-fairness

One Month of Using GitHub Copilot
https://matt-rickard.com/github-copilot-a-month-in

GitHub Copilot
https://matt-rickard.com/autogenerated-code

Machine Learning Operations (MLOps), Convergent or Divergent?
https://matt-rickard.com/mlops-convergent-or-divergent










































